{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 # Friday, 21 November 2025\
\
**Gemini 3 Surpasses All AI Models with Top Reasoning and Accuracy**\
\
Google has unveiled Gemini 3, an AI model that outperforms all others in reasoning tests and accuracy measures. It achieves new records in understanding text, images, and video, and includes a "Deep Think" mode for solving very hard problems. This matters because Gemini 3 moves us closer to general AI that can do many complex tasks reliably, impacting education, research, and technology fields.\
\
**Nvidia Reports Strong Earnings with Huge Demand for AI Chips**\
\
Nvidia released its latest earnings report showing it earned more than expected, thanks to high demand for its AI chips. Orders for their new chips are worth $500 billion, signaling that big cloud firms are investing heavily in AI infrastructure. This is important because Nvidia\'e2\'80\'99s success shows the AI industry is still growing fast, supporting new AI tools and services worldwide.\
\
**Yann LeCun, Meta\'e2\'80\'99s Chief AI Scientist, to Start New AI Company**\
\
Yann LeCun, a leading AI researcher at Meta, announced he will leave the company to start a new AI research firm focused on advanced machine intelligence. His work has driven key AI breakthroughs. This matters as his new venture could lead to fresh innovations and competition in the fast-moving AI field.\
\
**Saudi Arabia Partners with Elon Musk\'e2\'80\'99s xAI and Tech Giants to Build AI Data Center**\
\
Saudi Arabia is backing Elon Musk\'e2\'80\'99s AI company, xAI, in building a new data center alongside the local AI firm Humain and tech leaders AMD and Cisco. This project aims to boost AI infrastructure in the region, create an AI-driven economy, and train local talent. It is significant because it highlights global efforts to expand AI capability beyond traditional tech hubs.\
\
**EU Faces Criticism for Easing AI Regulation Under Big Tech Pressure**\
\
The European Union has been accused of weakening its AI rules after large tech companies lobbied for fewer restrictions. The EU aims to use citizen data for AI training and reduce red tape to help European businesses compete. This matters because it shows the tension between controlling AI risks and fostering innovation in one of the world\'e2\'80\'99s biggest markets.\
}